DS-160
Beneficiary: personal information (1/2)
Surname
Given names
Full name in native alphabet (Does not apply/Tech not available option)
Have you ever used other names (i.e., maiden, religious, professional, alias, etc.)?
Other surnames used
Other given names used
Telecode that represent your name
Telecode surnames
Telecode given names
Sex (Male/Female)
Marital Status (Single / Married / Widowed / Divorced / Common Law Marriage / Civil Union/Domestic Partnership / Legally Separated/Other)
Date of Birth
Place of Birth (City / State [Does Not Apply tickbox provided] / Country/Region)
Country/Region of Origin (Nationality)
Do you hold or have you held any nationality other than the one indicated above on nationality?
Usernote: Enter all nationalities you current hold and all nationalities you have previously held, regardless of whether you have formally and/or legally relinquished the nationality.
Other Country/Region of Origin (Nationality)
Do you hold a passport for the other country/region of origin (nationality) above?
Passport number
Are you a permanent resident of a country/region other than your country/region of origin (nationality) indicated above?
Other Permanent Resident Country/Region
National Identification Number (Does not apply tickbox provided)
US SSN (Does not apply tickbox provided)
US Taxpayer ID Number (Does not apply tickbox provided)
Usernote: Your National ID Number is a unique number that your government provides. The U.S. Government provides unique numbers to those who seek employment (Social Security Number) or pay taxes (Taxpayer ID)
Home Address (Street Address, City, State/Province [Does not apply], Zip [Does not apply], Country/Region
Is your Mailing Address the same as your Home address?
Mailing Address
Phone number (Primary phone number, Secondary phone number [Does not apply], Work phone number [Does not apply])
Have you used any other phone numbers in the last five years?
Additional phone number
Email address
Have you used any other email addresses in the last five years?
Additional email address
Do you have a social media presence? (Provider/Platform, Social Media Identifier)
Do you wish to provide information about your presence on any other websites or applications you have used within the last five years to create or share content?
Additional social media platform
Additional social media handle
Passport/travel document type (Regular, Official, Diplomatic, Laissez-passer, Other)
Passport/Travel document number
Passport Book Number (Does not apply)
Country/authority that issued passport/travel document (City, State/Province [If shown on passport], Country/Region)
Passport issuance date
Passport expiration date
Have you ever lost a passport or had one stolen?
Passport/Travel document number (Do not know)
Country/Authority that issued Passport/Travel document
Explanation
Beneficiary: personal information (2/2)
Present - Primary Occupation (Long list of verticals)
[If Homemaker or Retired is chosen] No details required
[If Not employed is chosen] Provide explanation
[If Other is chosen] Specify Other
[All else + 'Other'] Present Employer or School Name
[All else + 'Other'] Employer address (Street address, City, State (Does not apply), Postal Zone/Zip Code (Does not apply), Country/Region)
[All else + 'Other'] Employer phone number
[All else + 'Other'] Start date
[All else + 'Other'] Monthly Income in Local Currency (If employed) (Does not apply)
[All else + 'Other'] Describe your duties
Were you previously employed?
[If Yes] Employer Name
[If Yes] Employer Address (Street address, City, State (Does not apply), Postal Zone/Zip Code (Does not apply), Country/Region) 
[If Yes] Employer phone number
[If Yes] Job title
[If Yes] Supervisor's surnames (Do not know)
[If Yes] Supervisor's given names (Do not know)
[If Yes] Start date
[If Yes] End date
[If Yes] Describe your duties
[Note to self] User has to "add another" for every job he/she has had. I'm not sure how much of the employment history should be included.
Have you attended any educational institution at a secdonary level or above? (Usernote: You must answer Yes if you have ever attended, for any length of time, a high school/secondary school or equivalent in your country, or College, university, graduate school, a doctoral program, or a vocational program)
[If Yes] Name of institution
[If Yes] Address of institution (Street address, City, State (Does not apply), Postal Zone/Zip Code (Does not apply), Country/Region)
[If Yes] Course of study
[If Yes] Date of attendance from
[If Yes] Date of attnedance to
[Note to self] User needs to "Add another" for every school; I'm not sure how much of the employment history should be included. Need to understand what these school types are and make clear to users
Do you belong to a clan or tribe?
[If Yes] Clan or tribe name
Provide a list of languages you speak (Free form; Can "add another")
Have you traveled to any countries/regions within the last 5 years?
[If Yes] Provide a list of countries/regions visited (Drop down; Can "add another")
Have you resided in any country/region for 6 months or longer since you attained 16 years of age?
[If Yes] Provide the list of countries/regions (Drop down; Can "Add another")
Have you belonged to,  contributed to, or worked for any professional, social, or charitable organization?
[If Yes] Provide a list of organizations (Free form; Can "add another")
Do you have any specialized skills or training, such as firearms, explosives, nuclear, biological, or chemical experience?
[If Yes] Provide explanation (Free form)
Have you ever served in the military?
[If Yes] Name of country/region where you served
[If Yes] Branch of service (Free form)
[If Yes] Rank/position (Free form)
[If Yes] Military specialty (Free form)
[If Yes] Date of service from
[If Yes] Date of service to
Have you ever served in, been a member of, or been involved with a paramilitary unit, vigilante unit, rebel group, guerrilla group, or insurgent organization?
[If Yes] Provide explanation (Free form)
Beneficiary: Family information
Contact person or organization in the US (Surnames / Given Names; Do not know tickbox option; Usernote: Your U.S. Point of Contact can be any individual in the U.S. who knows you and can verify, if necessary, your identity. If you do not personally know anyone in the U.S., you may enter the name of the store, company, or organization you plan to visit during your trip)
Organization name (Do not know tickbox option)
Contact person or org's relationship to you (Relative, Spouse, Friend, Business Associate, Employer, School official, U.S. Petitioner, Other)
[If any option was chosen aside from U.S. Petitioner] Address and phone number of POC (Street address, City, State, Zip code (if known), phone number, email address (does not apply))
Father's surnames (Do not know)
Father's given names (Do not know)
Father's date of birth (Do not know)
Is your father still living?
[If 'Yes'] Father's address (Street address, City, State/Province (Does not apply), Postal zone/zip code (Does not apply), Country/Region)
[If 'Yes'] Is your father in the U.S.?
[If 'Yes'] Father's status (U.S. citizen, U.S. legal permanent resident (LPR), Nonimmigrant, Other/I don't know)
[If 'No'] Year of death
Mother's surnames (Do not know)
Mother's given names (Do not know)
Mother's date of birth (Do not know)
Is your mother still living?
[If 'Yes'] Mother's address (Street address, City, State/Province (Does not apply), Postal zone/zip code (Does not apply), Country/Region)
[If 'Yes'] Is your mother in the U.S.?
[If 'Yes'] Mother's status (U.S. citizen, U.S. legal permanent resident (LPR), Nonimmigrant, Other/I don't know)
[If 'No'] Year of death
Do you have any immeidate relatives, not including parents, in the United States? (Usernote: Immediate relatives means fiance, spouse (husband/wife), child (son/daughter), or sibling (brother/sister)
[If 'Yes'] Surnames
[If 'Yes'] Given names
[If 'Yes'] Relationship to you (Spouse, Fiance, Child, Sibling)
[If 'Yes'] Relative's status (U.S. citizen, U.S. legal permanent resident (LPR), Nonimmigrant, Other/I don't know)
[If 'No'] Do you have any other relatives in the United States?
Fiance surnames
Fiance given names
Fiance Date of birth (DD-MMM-YYYY)
Fiance address (Street address, City, State/Province (Does not apply), Postal Zone/Zip Code (Does not apply)
Fiance occupation
Do you have any former spouse?
[If Yes] Number of former spouses
[If Yes] Former spouse surnames
[If Yes] Former spouse given names
[If Yes] Former spouse date of birth
[If Yes] Former spouse nationality
[If Yes] Former spouse's place of birth (City (Do not know), Country/Region)
[If Yes] Date of marriage
[If Yes] Date marriage ended
[If Yes] How the marriage ended
[If Yes] Country/region marriage was terminated
[Note to self] User must "add another" for every additional former spouse
Do you have any children?
[If Yes] Number of children
[If Yes] Child surnames
[If Yes] Child Given names
[If Yes] Child date of birth
[If Yes] Child city of birth (Do not know)
[If Yes] Child state/province of birth (Does not apply)
[If Yes] Child country/region of birth
[If Yes] Is this child traveling to the United States with you?
[Note to self] User must "Add another" for every additional child
Travel information
Purpose of Trip to the U.S. (Includes Fiance(e) or spouse of a U.S. Citizen (K))
Specific visa (Includes Fiance(e) of a U.S. Citizen (K1) and Child of a K1 (K2)
Application receipt/petition number (Usernote: Your application receipt/petition number was given to you by the department of homeland security's USCIS after you filed your petition application at a USCIS Service Center. The application receipt/petition number is 13 characters long and the first three characters are letters)
[For K2] Surnames
[For K2] Given Names
Have you made specific travel plans? (Usernote: If you are unsure of your date of arrival in U.S. or date of departure from U.S., please provide an estimate.)
Date of arrival in US (DD-MMM-YYYY)
Arrival Flight (if known)
Arrival City
Address in the US (Street address, City, State, Zip code (if known))
Person/entity paying for your trip (Self, U.S. Petitioner, Other person, Present employer, Employer in the U.S., Other company/organization)
[If 'Other Person' is selected] Surnames of person paying for trip
[If 'Other Person' is selected] Given names of person paying for trip
[If 'Other Person' is selected] Telephone number
[If 'Other Person' is selected] Email address (Does not apply)
[If 'Other Person' is selected] Relationship to you (Child, Parent, Spouse, Other relative, Friend, Other)
[If 'Other Person' is selected] Is the address of the party paying for your trip the same as your home or mailing address?
Street address, City, State/Province (Does not apply), Postal/Zip code (Does not apply), Country/Region
[If 'Other Company/Organization' is selected] Name of Company/Organization Paying for Trip
[If 'Other Company/Organization' is selected] Telephone number
[If 'Other Company/Organization' is selected] Relationship to you
[If 'Other Company/Organization' is selected] Address of Company/Organization paying (Street address, City, State/Province (Does not apply), Postal Zone/Zip code (Does not apply), Country/Region
Are there other persons traveling with you?
[If 'Yes' is selected] Are you traveling as part of a group or organization
[If 'Yes' is selected] Enter the name of the group you are traveling with
[If 'No' is selected] Surnames of person traveling with you
[If 'No' is selected] Given Names of person traveling with you
[If 'No' is selected] Relationship with person (Parent, Spouse, Child, Other Relative, Friend, Business associate, Other)
Have you ever been in the U.S.? (Usernote: If you are unsure about when you visited the U.S., please provide a best estimate)
[If 'Yes' is selected] Date arrived (DD-MMM-YYYY)
[If 'Yes' is selected] Length of stay (Year, Months, Weeks, Days, Less than 24 Hours)
[Note to self] do all stays in the US need to be included? Not just for the past 5 years?
[If 'Yes' is selected] Do you or did you ever hold a U.S. Driver's License?
[If 'Yes'] Driver's License Number ('Do not Know' tickbox)
[If 'Yes'] State of Driver's License
Have you ever been issued a U.S. visa?
[If 'Yes'] Date Last Visa was issued (DD-MMM-YYYY)
[If 'Yes'] Visa Number ('Do not know' tickbox; Usernote: Enter the 8-digit number that is displayed in red on the lower right hand side of your visa. If your previous visa was a border crossing card, enter the last 12-digit number of the first line of the machine readable zone)
[If 'Yes'] Has your U.S. visa ever been lost or stolen?
[If 'Yes'] Enter year visa was lost or stolen
[If 'Yes'] Provide an explanation
[If 'Yes'] Has your U.S. visa ever been cancelled or revoked?
[If 'Yes'] Provide an explanation
Have you ever been refused a U.S. visa or been refused admission to the United States, or withdrawn your application for admission at the port of entry?
[If 'Yes'] Provide an explanation
Have you ever been denied travel authorization by the department of homeland security through the electronic system for travel authorization (ESTA)?
[If 'Yes'] Provide an explanation
Has anyone ever filed an immigrant petition on your behalf with the USCIS?
[If 'Yes'] Provide an explanation
Security and Background (1/2)
Do you have a communicable disease of public health significance?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
[Note to self] Need to get the full list from Department of Health and Human Services
Do you have a mental or physical disorder that poses or is likely to pose a threat to the safety or welfare of yourself or others?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
[Note to self] Need to get a full list (not sure from where)
Are you or have you ever been a drug abuser or addict?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
[Note to self] Need to provide definitions of abuser and addict
Do you have documentation to establish that you have received vaccinations in accordance with U.S. law?
[If No] Provide explanation
[Note to self] What is the U.S. law regarding vaccinations? Need to explain this bit to users
Have you ever been arrested or convicted for any offense or crime, even though subject of a pardon, amnesty, or other similar actions?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever violated, or engaged in a conspiracy to violate, any law relating to controlled substances?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you coming to the US to engage in prostitution or unlawful commercialized vice or have you been engaged in prostitution or procuring prostitutes within the past 10 years?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever been involved in, or do you seek to engage in, money laundering?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever committed or conspired to commit a human trafficking offense in the US or outside the US?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever knowingly aided, abetted, assisted, or colluded with an individual who has committed, or conspired to commit a severe human trafficking offense in the US or outside of the US?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you the spouse, son, or daughter of an individual who has committed or conspired to commit a human trafficking offense in the US or outside the US and have you within the last 5 years, knowingly benefited from the trafficking activities?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you the spouse, son or daughter of an individual who has been identified by the President of the US as person who plays a significant role in a severe form of trafficking in persons and have you, within the last 5 years, knowingly benefited from the trafficking activities?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you the spouse, son, daughter of an individual who has violated any controlled substance trafficking law, and have knowingly benefited from the trafficking activities in the past 5 years?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Do you seek to engage in espionage, sabotage, export control violations, or any other illegal activity while in the US?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Do you seek to engage in terrorist activities while in the US or have you ever engaged in terrorist activities?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever or do you intend to provide financial assistance or other support to terrorists or terrorist organizations?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you a member or representative of a terrorist organization?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you the spouse, son, or daguhter of an individual who has engaged in terrorist activity, including providing financial assistance or other support to terrorists or terrorist organizations, in the last 5 years?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever ordered, incited, committed, assisted, or otherwise participated in genocide?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever committed, ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in torture?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you committed, ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in extrajudicial killings, political killings, or other acts of violence?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever engaged in the recruitment or the use of child soldiers?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you, while serving as a government official, been responsible for or directly carried out, at any time, particularly severe violations of religious freedom?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you a member of or affiliated with the Communist or other totalitarian party?
[If Yes] Provide explanation

Security and Background (2/2)
Have you ever directly or indirectly assisted or supported any of the groups in Colombia known as the Revoluationary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), National Liberation Army (ELN), or United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC)?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever through abuse of governmental or political position converted for personal gain, confiscated or expropriated property in a foreign national to which a US national had claim of ownership?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever disclosed or trafficked in confidential US business information obtained in connection with US participation in the Chemical Weapons Convention?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you the spouse, minor child, or agent of an individual who has disclosed or trafficked in confidential US business information obtained in connection with US participation in the Chemical Weapons Convention?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever been directly involved in the establishment or enforcement of population controls forcing a woman to undergo an abortion against her free choice or a man or a woman to undergo sterilization against his or her free will?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever been directly involved in the coercive transplantation of human organs or bodily tissue?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever sought to obtain or assist others to obtain a visa, entry into the US, or any other US immigration benefit by fraud or willful misrepresentation or other unlawful means?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you subject to a civil penalty under INA 274C?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you been ordered removed from the US during the last 5 years?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you been ordered removed from the US for a second time within the last 20 years?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever been unlawfully present and ordered removed from the US during the last 10 years?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever been convicted of an aggravated felony and been ordered removed from the US?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever been unlawfully present in the US for more than 180 days (but no more than one year) and have voluntarily departed the US within the last 3 years?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever been unlawfully present in the US for more than one year in the aggregate at any time during the past 10 years?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever been removed or deported from any country?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever withheld custody of a US Citizen child outside the US from a person granted legal custody by a US court?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you voted in the US in violation of any law or regulation?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever renounced US citizenship for the purpose of avoiding taxation?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you a former exchange visitor (J) who has not yet fulfilled the two-year foreign residence requirement?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Do you seek to enter the US for purpose of performing skilled or unskilled labor but have not yet been certified by the Secretary of Labor?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you a graduate of a foreign medical school seeking to perform medical services in the US but have not yet passed the National Board of Medical Examiners examination or its equivalent?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you a health care worker seeking to perform such work in the US but have not yet received certification from the Commission on Graduates of Foreign Nursing Schools or from an equivalent approved independent credentialing organization?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you permanently ineligible for US citizenship?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Have you ever departed the US in order to evade military service during a time of war?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Are you coming to the US to practice polygamy?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Has the Secretary of Homeland Security of the US ever determined that you knowingly made a frivolous application for asylum?
[If Yes] Provide explanation
Submission
Tickbox (Required) for "I hereby certify that I have received a copy of the IMBRA pamphlet as part of my application packet
Tickbox (Required) for "I hereby certify that I am legally free to marry and intend to marry [SPONSOR], a US citizen, within 90 days of my admission into the US
Did anyone assist you in filing out this application?
[If Yes] Preparer Surnames (Does not apply)
[If Yes] Preparer Given Names (Does not apply)
[If Yes] Organization Name (Does not apply)
[Note to self] "Does not apply" applies to either person or the org - likely not both
[If Yes] Address (Street address, City, State/Province (Does not apply), Postal Zone/Zip code (Does not apply), Country/Region
[If Yes] Relationship to you
Enter your passport/travel document number (This information is part of the e-signature process)